added content to readme.md file of  102-backend-automation (#2578)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/103-qa-automated-testing/102-backend-automation/readme.md

> # What is Backend?
> The term backend generally refers to server-side deployment. Here the process is entirely happening in the backend which is not shown to the user only the expected results will be shown to the user. In every web application, there will be a backend language to accomplish the task.
> For Example, while uploading the details of the students in the database, the database will store all the details. When there is a need to display the details of the students, it will simply fetch all the details and display them. Here, it will show only the result, not the process and how it fetches the details. 
> 
> # Backend automation
> Back-end automation is commonly known as workload automation or sometimes referred to as API automation because it leverages application programming interfaces for specifically-defined, high-capacity transactions.
> #for more information about backent autonation testing and technique, go through the link below.
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://testinggenez.com/what-is-backend-testing-and-types/'>What is backend testing?</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Backend Automation

Backend Testing is a testing method that checks the server side or database of web applications or software. Backend testing aims to test the application layer or database layer to ensure that the web application or software is free from database defects like deadlock, data corruption, or data loss.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://testinggenez.com/what-is-backend-testing-and-types/'>What is backend testing?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.guru99.com/what-is-backend-testing.html'>Backend Testing Tutorial</BadgeLink>
```
